c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.exe.config
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.exe
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.pdb
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Form1.resources
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.exe
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.pdb
c:\users\jannatullima\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Staff.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Staffs.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.TakeOrder.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.AddingStaffInfo.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Admin.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.AddSetMenu.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Manager.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.ManagerAddEmployyeInfo.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Quantity.resources
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\bin\Debug\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\JannatulLima\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.pdf.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.exe.config
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.exe
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.pdb
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Form1.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.pdf.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Staffs.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.exe
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.pdb
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAddingStaffInfo.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAddSetMenu.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAdmin.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormManager.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormManagerAddEmployyeInfo.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormQuantity.resources
C:\Users\aoeasif\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormTakeOrder.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.exe.config
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.exe
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.pdb
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAddSetMenu.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAdmin.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Form1.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAddingStaffInfo.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormManager.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormManagerAddEmployyeInfo.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.pdf.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormQuantity.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Staffs.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormTakeOrder.resources
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.exe
C:\Users\aoeas\Desktop\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.pdb
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.exe.config
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.exe
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\bin\Debug\Res.pdb
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\bin\Debug\itextsharp.xml
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAddSetMenu.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAdmin.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Form1.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormAddingStaffInfo.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormManager.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormManagerAddEmployyeInfo.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.pdf.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormQuantity.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.Staffs.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.FormTakeOrder.resources
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.exe
D:\Workbook\AIUB\CSharp\Res\Res\obj\Debug\Res.pdb
